hey all you youtubers um I'm Brian and
coming to you today with a quick penny
Australia nickel board review so as you
can see my board right here it's a very
nice board I like it a lot it's 27
inches by about five or six inches i
believe and the wheels are growing right
there as you can see and if you can see
that there are green bearings in there
which i replaced from the old bearings
because i used to have the bearings that
came with the actual deck and i didn't
like them very much and they were
getting pretty slow and so i just
decided to replace them with these lucky
epic three bearings and I'm you can pick
up a bet zumiez that's where I got them
for about 10 bucks and they're they're
really nice I can spin them for about
three or three and a half minutes when
they're broken in if I have a video and
they weren't broken in yet and they only
spun for about a minute so um if you
don't check out that video but um yep so
there's my board and I put tape on the
back so that it wouldn't get scratched
up because it does get scratched up and
put some stickers on there the trucks
are four inches unlike the penny which
is three inches the trucks they come out
a little bit more from the deck so um I
actually fell once by pushing my um when
I was riding and my foot got jammed in
there and I went flying but oh yeah it
rides really smooth just got a break in
your bearings there's a lot of people
probably you're thinking if you have a
board and you just got new bearing
shipping oh my god these bearings
they're not they're not a riding
they're not spinning faster long you
just have to break them in and once you
break them in then the oil will probably
start to run out pretty quick inside the
bearings so i recommend speed cream for
that because um speaking to one of the
best lubricants are the best lubricant
for ball bearings and um yeah so there's
my board right there